Fix capitalization and mask for REX for restorecon example template (#2460)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_executing-a-restorecon-template-on-multiple-hosts.adoc

The job restores the SELinux context in all files under the `/home/` directory.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Monitor* > *Jobs* and click *Run job*.
. Select *Commands* as *Job category* and *Run Command {endash} restorecon* as *Job template* and click *Next*.

> . Select hosts on which you want to run the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the hosts on which you want to run the job.
```

Author: Applied.

If you do not select any hosts, the job will run on all hosts you can see in the current context.
. In the *directory* field, provide a directory, for example `/home`, and click *Next*.
. Optional: To configure advanced settings for the job, fill in the *Advanced fields*.
To learn more about advanced settings, see xref:advanced-settings-in-the-job-wizard_{context}[].

> When you are done entering the advanced settings or you do not need to enter any advanced settings, click *Next*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are done entering the advanced settings or if it is not required, click *Next*.
```
Can this be better?

Author: Applied.

. Schedule time for the job.
* To execute the job immediately, keep the pre-selected *Immediate execution*.
* To execute the job in future time, select *Future execution*.
* To execute the job on regular basis, select *Recurring execution*.
. Optional: If you selected future or recurring execution, select the *Query type*, otherwise click *Next*.

> * *Static query* means that job executes on the exact list of hosts that you provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Static query* means that the job executes on the exact list of hosts that you provided.
```

* *Dynamic query* means that the list of hosts is evaluated just before the job is executed.
If you entered the list of hosts based on some filter, the results can be different from when you first used that filter.
+
Click *Next* after you have selected the query type.
. Optional: If you selected future or recurring execution, provide additional details:
* For *Future execution*, enter the *Starts at* date and time.
You also have the option to select the *Starts before* date and time.
If the job cannot start before that time, it will be canceled.

> * For *Recurring execution*, select the start date and time, frequency, and the condition for ending the recurring job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For *Recurring execution*, select the start date and time, frequency, and condition for ending the recurring job.
```

Author: Applied.
